I want to develop the project using mern technology for the student development department in sant gadge baba Amravati university. this project will be used to generate the soft skill workshop certificates conducted by various colleges which comes under the affiliation of sant gadge baba Amravati university. the app will have two type of users admin and colleges. on landing page it will have soft skills info, and nav containing about us , contact us and login. the about us page will have the information about student development department and contact form will have name , mobile and message field. 
contents of pages and section
1.login page : will require userid and password for logging in in a portal. 
//after login
2.college login : we will display college code with college name after the college logged in associated to that user id. 
also it has input field for principal name, mobile number email-id , soft skill program coordinator name , mobile number and mail id , also the form contains the date on which the the program was conducted like from :  and to: and save option as soon as save option clicked it will display button to enter students info for the certificates, after clicking button the form opens to enter the student details. the form contains the  field necessary for the certificate like name, and class . the certificate have info like certificate number, name, class college name, from and to date, the certificate numbers will be generate automatically as we generate certificates serially and from and to date format is like 10th feburary 2025 to 13th February 2025. and as the college enters the student name this will be added in the student list below the form. the list will contain the option to edit or delete student names.
3.admin login : will have functionality to set users as a college this will have college name, college code, username, password the admin will decide the username and password for the college. another functionality is verifying the certificates lists and generating the certificates after verification. 
admin will also have create certificate option in which admin has to input the excel file and it will generate the certificate, also the excel sheet contains fields like name , collegename, certificate number, class and from and to columns 
consider me beginner, so i want to learn while developing this project give me the explainations time to time and execute project step by step like the real developers do 
give the prompt for this all